DOC: Refactor README and citing information (#2474)
nipreps/fmriprep: docs/usage.rst

   :nodefault:
   :nodefaultconst:

Limitations and reasons not to use *fMRIPrep*
---------------------------------------------

> 1. Very narrow :abbr:`FoV (field-of-view)` images oftentimes do not contain
>    enough information for standard image registration methods to work correctly.
>    Also, problems may arise when extracting the brain from these data.
>    Supporting these particular images is already a future line of the development
>    road-map.

Reviewer: We have made some progress here...

```suggestion
1. Very narrow :abbr:`FoV (field-of-view)` images oftentimes do not contain
   enough information for standard image registration methods to work correctly.
   Also, problems may arise when extracting the brain from these data.
   fMRIPrep supports pre-aligned BOLD series, and accepting pre-computed
   derivatives such as brain masks is a target of future effort.
```
